Q1: You regularly make new friends.
Q2: Complex and novel ideas excite you more than simple and straightforward ones.
Q3: You usually feel more persuaded by what resonates emotionally with you than by factual arguments.
Q4: Your living and working spaces are clean and organized.
Q5: You usually stay calm, even under a lot of pressure.
Q6: You find the idea of networking or promoting yourself to strangers very daunting.
Q7: You prioritize and plan tasks effectively, often completing them well before the deadline.
Q8: People’s stories and emotions speak louder to you than numbers or data.
Q9: You like to use organizing tools like schedules and lists.
Q10: Even a small mistake can cause you to doubt your overall abilities and knowledge.
Q11: You feel comfortable just walking up to someone you find interesting and striking up a conversation.
Q12: You are not too interested in discussions about various interpretations of creative works.
Q13: You prioritize facts over people’s feelings when determining a course of action.
Q14: You often allow the day to unfold without any schedule at all.
Q15: You rarely worry about whether you make a good impression on people you meet.
Q16: You enjoy participating in team-based activities.
Q17: You enjoy experimenting with new and untested approaches.
Q18: You prioritize being sensitive over being completely honest.
Q19: You actively seek out new experiences and knowledge areas to explore.
Q20: You are prone to worrying that things will take a turn for the worse.
Q21: You enjoy solitary hobbies or activities more than group ones.
Q22: You cannot imagine yourself writing fictional stories for a living.
Q23: You favor efficiency in decisions, even if it means disregarding some emotional aspects.
Q24: You prefer to do your chores before allowing yourself to relax.
Q25: In disagreements, you prioritize proving your point over preserving the feelings of others.
Q26: You usually wait for others to introduce themselves first at social gatherings.
Q27: Your mood can change very quickly.
Q28: You are not easily swayed by emotional arguments.
Q29: You often end up doing things at the last possible moment.
Q30: You enjoy debating ethical dilemmas.
Q31: You usually prefer to be around others rather than on your own.
Q32: You become bored or lose interest when the discussion gets highly theoretical.
Q33: When facts and feelings conflict, you usually find yourself following your heart.
Q34: You find it challenging to maintain a consistent work or study schedule.
Q35: You rarely second-guess the choices that you have made.
Q36: Your friends would describe you as lively and outgoing.
Q37: You are drawn to various forms of creative expression, such as writing.
Q38: You usually base your choices on objective facts rather than emotional impressions.
Q39: You like to have a to-do list for each day.
Q40: You rarely feel insecure.
Q41: You avoid making phone calls.
Q42: You enjoy exploring unfamiliar ideas and viewpoints.
Q43: You can easily connect with people you have just met.
Q44: If your plans are interrupted, your top priority is to get back on track as soon as possible.
Q45: You are still bothered by mistakes that you made a long time ago.
Q46: You are not too interested in discussing theories on what the world could look like in the future.
Q47: Your emotions control you more than you control them.
Q48: When making decisions, you focus more on how the affected people might feel than on what is most logical or efficient.
Q49: Your personal work style is closer to spontaneous bursts of energy than organized and consistent efforts.
Q50: When someone thinks highly of you, you wonder how long it will take them to feel disappointed in you.
Q51: You would love a job that requires you to work alone most of the time.
Q52: You believe that pondering abstract philosophical questions is a waste of time.
Q53: You feel more drawn to busy, bustling atmospheres than to quiet, intimate places.
Q54: If a decision feels right to you, you often act on it without needing further proof.
Q55: You often feel overwhelmed.
Q56: You complete things methodically without skipping over any steps.
Q57: You prefer tasks that require you to come up with creative solutions rather than follow concrete steps.
Q58: You are more likely to rely on emotional intuition than logical reasoning when making a choice.
Q59: You struggle with deadlines.
Q60: You feel confident that things will work out for you.
